claude.formosa 花蓮 Claude 愛好者小聚活動提醒 / claude.formosa event reminder

您好，
我是 Samson，claude.formosa 召集人之一，您會收到信是因為您有報名參加 5/22（週五）花蓮 Claude 愛好者小聚。
特別提醒您，活動的時間地點是：日期：2026/5/22（週五）
時間：18:00 - 20:00
地點：花蓮雲基地（花蓮市府前路 3 號）

這次的小聚分享，除了我本人將示範從 Claude Design 轉移到 Claude Code 的作法，還有 Sophie 將示範如何用 Claude 來整理知識庫。

我們希望建立一個互相交流的空間，互相了解不同的人在不同的應用場景下如何將 AI 導入。
活動非常歡迎您分享，活動當下您可以帶著您的筆電不吝展示，不管是簡單還是複雜，
或者您剛開始用、願意跟大家分享您使用的心路歷程，都很歡迎。

除了 5/22，我們還有 6/26 以及 7/31，接下來如果大家都願意支持，我們就會持續定期舉辦下去。
如果您有任何問題, 歡迎到我們的 Discord Channel 來發問: https://discord.gg/fWcPCyMBta

期待活動當日您的到來。
我是 Samson

--
我們保證不會亂發廣告信，但如果您未來不想收到我們的活動通知，您可以用您收信的信箱寄信到：
claude.formosa.hualien+unsubscribe@gigahertz.us
（內容寫什麼都可以，只有 Google 看得到），系統就會自動將您移除。
 

Hi,

I'm Samson, one of the organizers of claude.formosa.
You're receiving this email because you registered for the Hualien Claude Enthusiasts Meetup on 5/22 (Friday).

Here's a quick reminder of the event details:
Date: Friday, May 22, 2026
Time: 18:00 – 20:00
Venue: Hualien Cloud Hub, No. 3, Fuqian Rd, Hualien City

For this session, I'll personally be demonstrating how to go from Claude Design to Claude Code,
and Sophie will be demonstrating how to use Claude to organize a knowledge base.

We hope to create a space where people can connect and learn how others are integrating AI into their own contexts and workflows.
Everyone is welcome to share! Feel free to bring your laptop and show us what you're working on, whether it's something simple or complex.
Even if you're just getting started and want to share your early experience, we'd love to hear from you.

In addition to 5/22, we also have meetups planned for 6/26 and 7/31.
If the community continues to show up and support us, we'll keep going on a regular basis.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask in our Discord channel: https://discord.gg/fWcPCyMBta
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Samson

--
We promise we won't spam you. However, if you'd prefer not to receive future event notifications,
simply send an email from your registered address to:
claude.formosa.hualien+unsubscribe@gigahertz.us
(The content doesn't matter — only Google will see it.)
The system will automatically remove you from the list.